Add supported operating systems note (#22)
returntocorp/docs: docs/intro/installation.rst

Requirements
------------

> .. note:: We currently support Ubuntu and Mac OSX for running ``r2c`` and developing analyzers. While not officially supported, some users have used Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) on Windows 10.

Reviewer: @dlukeomalley might want to specify versions, esp. for Ubuntu

Author: Do you now those versions off-hand?

> .. note:: We currently support Ubuntu and Mac OSX for running ``r2c`` and developing analyzers. While not officially supported, some users have used Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) on Windows 10.

Author: ```suggestion
.. note:: We currently support > Ubuntu Trusty (14.04.6) and > mac OS Mohave for running ``r2c`` and developing analyzers. While not officially supported, some users have used Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) on Windows 10.
```

Author: CC @ievans @ulziibay

Reviewer 2: It is going to invite questions around what other versions of Ubuntu, mac OS we support. Also, we should let folks know that we are interested in hearing which platform you would like to use R2C tools on
